Welcome to the help video for this eLearning website!
In this video, we'll guide you through the basic features and navigation controls of the site.
Let's start at the top of the page.
The sidebar menu button allows you to toggle the menu open and closed.
The Certificate button displays the course certificate, which becomes available once you've passed the final assessment.
The Help button launches a modal window that contains this help video.
The About button opens a modal window that explains the purpose of the site.
The Glossary button opens the glossary modal window, allowing you to view the course glossary.
The resources button opens the resources modal window, which provides a list of local resources such as the course transcript and external resources that you can use to learn about the subject matter.
The User Settings Button opens the User Settings modal window, which allows you to specify your first and lastname.
Now that we've covered the top menu, let's discuss the sidebar.
The sidebar displays the title of the course as well as topic links.
Each lesson is broken down by a specific topic.
As you progress through the course, you will notice the progress indicators.
Take a moment to view the progress indicator icons and descriptions.
This is the content area.
At the top, is the name of the lesson and slide, followed by the slide number.
Here the slide content is displayed.
Although you are not required to complete each slide, it is recommended that you review the material before taking the final assessment.
This is an example of the final assessment.
On the left-hand side of the pane, you'll see the Scenario Overview, which provides instructions on the actions you need to take.
Once you have completed the assessment, click the Finish Assessment button to submit your work.
Note that while the assessment is in progress, navigation to other areas of the site is restricted.
To resume normal site operation, you must submit your assessment.
Underneath the content area are the Previous Slide and Next Slide navigation buttons.
You can navigate one of three ways throughout the course.
First, you can use the sidebar links to navigate to a topic of interest.
Second, you can use the Previous and Next Slide buttons to sequentially navigate to the next or previous slide if the buttons are active.
Finally, you can use the keyboard shortcuts Control + Alt + Period to navigate to the next slide and Control + Alt + Comma to navigate to the previous slide.
Thank you for watching this help video!